Set extra <meta> fields in HTML <head> (#277)
manubot/rootstock: USAGE.md

Note that `affiliations` should be a list to allow for multiple affiliations per author.

### Thumbnail

A thumbnail is an image used to visually represent the manuscript,
such as when a manuscript is shared on social media or added to the [Manubot catalog](https://manubot.org/catalog/).
Specify a thumbnail in any of the following ways:

1. placing an image named `thumbnail.png` anywhere in the manuscript repository (for example, in the root directory).

> 2. setting `thumbnail` in `metadata.yaml` to a repository-relative path where the image file is located.

Author: ```suggestion
2. setting `thumbnail` in `metadata.yaml` to a path, relative to the repository root, where the image file is located.
```

    Example:
    ```yaml
    thumbnail: build/assets/thumbnail-1000x1000.png
    ```

> 3. setting `thumbnail` in `metadata.yaml` to a URL where the image is located.

Author: ```suggestion
3. setting `thumbnail` in `metadata.yaml` to an absolute URL where the image is located.
```
